Mei Yun, let me make some money for you,
I have something to do later. This gentleman,
He is just a new member of the population and is not yet qualified to serve independently.
If I hadn't handled the manual handover,
Then when you see the house, you and we will not be able to do it.
Okay, what if he doesn't do it?
Li Fei, don't pretend to be a student here.
If you really let the card get 10,000.
I believe you, if you look at the public and open people up, they will become of the same mind.
This is the noble soldier card of the Tianhai Line Association.
In fact, the funds exceeded 10 million,
Suddenly pick up the villa
You still don’t know about this stuck TV cut?
And he quickly deceived our real family members to be present together.
Tianhai Association’s current card
The whole Tianhai City is no bigger than Shi Zhang
Each cut has a special code
If anyone dares to pretend to be a fake
Boss Zhao, you are here
The kind of villa you want
Li Fei’s card was given to me personally.
How does this make sense to you guys?
That's really Peng Binsheng's meeting.
Li Fei, don’t think there is a crack
From today on, don’t kill yourself.